Updated meta descriptions flagged as 'too short' (#724)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/language/expressions.md

---
title: Q# Expressions

> description: Understand the expression syntax for different data types in the Q# programming language. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Understand the syntax used for expressions of different data types in the Q# programming language. 
```

> description: Understand the syntax used for expressions of different data types in the Q# programming language. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Understand how to specify, reference and combine constants, variables, operators, operations and functions as expressions in Q#.
```
